# Competetive advantages and possible effects if the project fails
The benefits that the new system will bring to the CMC are going to be in terms of improved efficiency and cost reduction.
The flow rate of calls will be adjusted thanks to the system rerouting and prioritizing the customers with a higher likelihood to make a purchase,this is thanks to the new system that gave us the client’s information gathered before the call.
Before we did not have information about the customers but now that we have it we can use this for assisting the customers with one step ahead of them, this best matches will mean that we can be more efficient because we are not going to lose time with customers that have a low likelihood to buy our packages.
The new system efficiency will not stop at the research and the rerouting of the customers but will be useful even in the service filed, the current system has many holiday packages and are hard to remember and choose for the employee as well, but the new system will be more efficient and will help us to tailor the customer needs, knowing the customer desires will help us to sell easily the package that most suits them,this will rapidly increase our sales.
We can have a more efficient and organized client list.
The new system will help us to understand the market and possibly even measure it, this can be an important data for adjusting our workforce quantity, so in case we are overstaffed we could where possible do some cost reduction actions.
Cost reduction and efficiency are going to happen in buys time as well,if we receive inbound calls an interactive voice system (instead of a physical people) with different options will help us to reroute the call in the right direction doing this will allow us to save workforce and time.
Furthermore, with the implementation of this new system, it can help boost client and customer relationships. As the system will match customers to the appropriate RM's that have the appropriate skills and knowledge.
By having better customer relationships and service, we are able to increase our sales on holiday packages, as we are able to provide the customer with what they are looking for. Also, by having good customer relations, it can help increase our notoriety in the travel agency sector, higher notoriety is one of the benefits that every company is looking for, the sale of a good product and product tailoring will save money in marketing as well.
Possible effects that can happen if the project were to fail is that customers and/or RM's may not get matched up correctly, this can lead to unsatisfied customers, as they will possibly get matched with a RM that won't have the correct knowledge that the customer is looking for. This can lead to a loss in sales, as the RM will not be able to aid the customer in booking their holiday. Also, it can create negative relations with the customer, as the RM may not be able to help the customer out, which may waste the customers time. 
